Hello and welcome to this lecture.
And in this lecture we're going to learn something about CSSA Galo values.
So right now we have actually designed this particular web page and we have used a few colors here.
So what we have essentially done here is that if you open up this code we have specified the colors
in the actual values by the actual names like orange red Popal blue and aqua.
Now in reality what happens is that whatever you want to set the color for any HDMI element you can
either name the color by a specific name or you can also use something which is called as an RGV value.
So before we start discussing LGB rally let's actually go ahead and learn how we can give a background
color to this particular Web site or this boy or webpage.
So in order to give the background of both regular color and what we can do here is that we could use
this particular body tag because the body of our HGA is nothing but the background.
So what we can do is that in order to set the background color we have to actually modify the body tag.
So let's actually go ahead to use the body Diago here.
So this is actually the tax collector and let's specify the background color.
So the background color of any HDMI element or basically any HDMI body can actually be said by using
the property you would just call less background color so simply type and background hyphen color background
dash color and you or you can actually simply specify a particular color and that color is going to
be applied to your webpage.
But in reality you can't actually use a particular color.
Instead you have to use a combination of multiple colors or a particular shade of color because obviously
we are not going to use these direct colors on our Web site.
Sometimes we need to mix up those colors and use a combination of colors.
Now there are actually thousands of colors and it's impossible to name each one of those colors.
Hence what we do in order to solve this issue is that we have no specific way to define Kallos in terms
of IGB values.
So IGB values are nothing but the values for red and green and blue colors and every shade of a color
is nothing but a combination of those three basic clothes which is red green and blue.
So you can opt in any kind of color just by mixing these three colors in appropriate proportions and
you may have your own color and redo the exact same thing in here in computers as well now a combination
of IGB can give us any desired Colobus if you want.
So instead of specifying the Coloe here in actual names we can actually specify the IGB value here.
So we simply open IGB over here.
And once you type this value you can add value for each one of those colors that is Oggi and beat.
So the minimum value of a color is zero and the maximum value of a color is 255.
So if you actually want to make this background color look blue you have zero value for red zero value
for green and use 255 for blue.
That's actually going to make the background completely blue.
So if you go back over here hit refresh as you could see you now have a blue color.
Now what exactly you will do if you want to use a shade of a color or a combination of color rather
than using a specific color.
So you simply go with this thing and this is going to give you a color picture where you can pick up
any color which you want.
So let's say you want to choose the shades of colors from these colors here.
You can simply go here and you can also select any kind of shade which you want.
So let's say if you want this particular color so the IGB values for this color 151 220 195.
So when you go back save the code and if you hit refresh on this web page as you could see now you have
a different set of color as your background.
And this color does not have any name but instead it has something which is called as the IGB value.
So you can use any values from 0 to 255 for each one of those red green and blue values and you will
get your desired color which you want.
Now we have already said the background color using this particular attribute.
But you can also said the colors of beheadings paragraphs and other HGL elements using IGB.
Now there is one more way of using IGB and that's basically call as GBM.
So let's go ahead and understand what IGB It actually stands for.
So the key in RGV stands for Alpha.
So Alpha is basically nothing but the value for APCP that means how transparent you want to make your
background.
So the value of Alfar ranges from zero to 1.
So when you specify Alpha as zero that means your background is going to be fully transparent.
And when you specify the value of Alfar to be one that means your background is going to be not transparent
at all.
Now let's take a simple example to understand that.
So let's say our Coloe values are zero for red 255 for green and zero for red.
So that's actually going to give you a green color.
So just to confirm we will actually see the code go back over here.
Hit refresh as you can see we have a green color here.
Now let's see if you want to make this background a little bit transparent so we can go ahead and add
a fourth value here which is going to be the Alfar value.
But before we do do that.
We need to specify IDB Eloy here coma.
And for the value of the Alfar value Bubel specify some particular number.
So let's say we specify the Alpha as 0.5.
And now if you go back over here and hit refresh as you could see you will notice a little bit of change
in the background color and the background is now a little more transparent.
So what if you actually said this value to zero.
And that gives your background is going to be completely transparent.
So if you hit refresh as you can see you will have no color at all because now you value for Alpha is
zero which means it's completely transparent.
So you can use Alfar for setting of the transparency as you want.
So you can use either IGB or Oggi be evaluated as and when required.
Now let's move on to another kind of color notation that's basically the hex values.
So it can actually be specified using hex values or hexadecimal values as well.
So if you want to actually specify close in hex value those values actually range from 0 to f f.
So the Hick's model actually works this way.
We use a hash or we're here first and then we have values for our two places for our two places for
and two places for B that means you specify the value for it in hexadecimal here here value for green
in hexadecimal or here and kilobyte useful blue in hexadecimal over here.
So let's say if I type in so let's say I type and some random values over here let's say I type in 0
0 1 do 1 4.
So these are now hex values and the scale actually is black.
So if I select any one of these values over here and you always need to make sure that you select hex
values.
So the same set of clothes which can be expressed using the IGB model can also be specified by using
the hex values.
So let's say you want to choose a shade of red.
Simply go away here.
Pick any desired shade you want.
And this particular value is the hex value for this particular color.
So now you could simply see the code go back over here and when you hit refresh as you could see now
you have the Kaluga values over here.
Now once we know about the IGB values and the hex values let's actually now go ahead and learn how exactly
do you find proper sooted colors for your website because obviously we know how to choose colors but
we don't yet know how to choose good looking colors.
So in order to find good looking colors simply open up Google and type in CS's what DTL Gallo's and
multiple sites should pop up right here.
You can use any one of them which you want and what these sites do is that they provide you with the
Coloe palette which you can actually use on your Web site.
So let's say for example you like this particular color you think it looks pretty.
You can simply copy this particular value go back to your code and simply piece this value in over here
and you should be good to go.
So now if you go back to your web page and hit refresh as you could see your web page looks much better
ask compared to the previous one because now they actually provide you with a good set of colors to
choose from for your website.
So there are actually a lot of Web sites you don't need to specifically go and choose any one you can
choose any desired one and they basically provide you with the shades of color along with their hecks
RGV values.
So that's it for this lecture and I hope you guys were able to learn how to set the colors for different
elements in your H-G page using two different methods or three different Montfort's.
The GBM method the IGB method and the hexadecimal or the hex values.
And we have also learned how you can select or choose proper colors for your websites rather than choosing
it by yourself.
So that's it for this lecture and I'll see you guys in the next one.
Thank you.